---
layout: post
title: My Goals
feature-img: "img/sample_feature_img.png"
---

Goals
My goals as a Frontend Developer are:
1. Learn
2. Get my foot in the door to hone my skills
3. Sky's the limit

First my goal is to learn everything I can about everything programming. I am striving towards a general knowledge of computer science and how code creates everything. Not only do I want a strong frontend developmental skill set but I want to know backend and full stack as well. I want to be well rounded in all facets of the programming world.

Second I want to pinpoint a company that will take me in and let me grow. I want to learn from others on how to be an asset to the company but also allowing personal growth within development. This will allow me to "be shown the ropes" so to speak but also figure out what I like and dislike along with identifying strengths and weaknesses in my skill set.

Third I say Sky's the limit because I am creative, I try to improve every single day, and I am driven to be the best. I want to use my creativity to create not just well-functioning websites but also works of art! Growing up around golf Tiger Woods taught me that no matter where you are and how good you are you can always get better. A motto I live by and practice. This helps me become a better employee, programmer, and person all around everyday. Lastly my father has taught me a strong work ethic. I watch him work extremely hard at a very physically demanding job that he has done for 20 years. He has taught me how to be a team player and to be unselfish for a greater cause.

I believe with these goals and aspirations I am will become a full stack developer that creates works of art!
